Approach:

1.We began the project by revisting the concepts of TCP initaition(SYN,SYNACK,ACK), TCP Transmission(Data Packets) and TCP teardown(Fin,ACK process). 
2.Observed the wireshark trace for downloading a file to check the various fields like TCP checksum and IP Header checksum for calculation of checksum.
3.Implemented the program by creating separate sockets for sending and receiving.
4.We followed the Silver Moon's tutorial  for creation and extraction of IP heders, TCP headers.
5.Once packet is constructed , we sent HTTP request(reference from our project2 implementation) for downloading the file on created socket after TCP 3 way hand shake.
6.After recieving the data from server, we calculated the sequence and acknowledge numbers for sending ACK packets .
7.We implemented basic time out functionality for retransimission.Also, handled lost packets from server and out of order sequence packets.
8.Once we recieved all the packets successfully, we implemnted the tear down process by sending and recieving FIN,ACK.

Features Implemented:

1.HTTP - We implemented the HTTP get requested and verified the response 200 from the server
2.TCP  
	a.TCP Inital Handhsake (SYN, SYNACK, ACK)
	b.TCP checksum validation for incoming packets and calculation for outgoing packets
	c.Basic Timeout functionality if packet not Acked in 1 min.
	d.Identify and remove duplicate packets, arrange the packets in sequential order
	e.TCP congestion window with cwnd=1 and increment till 1000 after successful ACK.Set cwnd to 1 in case of packet drop or time out.
	f.TCP teardown by sending the FIN,ACK and ACK messages 
3.IP
	a.constructed the IP header for outgoing packets and extracted the IP header for incoming packets 	
	b.Calculated Ip header checksum and filtered the based on local IP and server IP

Challenges Faced:
1.Checksum calculation is bit tricky and need to search a lot of resources online to get the code working.
2.Implementation of congestion window 
3.Got unexpected characters between the lines while using HTTP 1.1 but issue was resolved after using HTTP 1.0
4.Spent a lot of time in dealing with sequence numbers and acknowldgement numbers during the connection

Testing:
1.We tested the code by downloading files of size project4.php page,2MB,10MB,50MB and validated respective files by downlaoding pages with wget and checking diff
2.We tested the code by downloading files on slow and high speed networks like wifi,lan connection 

Running the code:

1.make
2. ./rawhttpget [URL]


